How to install and run RIFEC
============================

The script has some dependencies, all of which should be easily
installable from CPAN or through your package manager.  See the
"Dependencies" section below for a list of which packages you need.

Once you have downloaded the tarball (or checked out the directory)
from github, all you need to do is edit the config file to tell it
about your cards, where you want your images to be saved, etc.  The
example config file "rifec.config" contains a commented example
configuration.

Run the script with a single "--help" parameter to get a short help
text on usage.

If run without the --config=FILE parameter, rifec.pl will look for a
config file named "rifec.config" in the current directory (the
directory you are located in when calling it - not the directory where
the script is located).


Troubleshooting
===============

When trying to get this software to work, it is probably a good idea
to:

 * Run it WITHOUT the --daemonize/-d option.  This way it stays in the
   foregound of your terminal, and can output log and error messages.

 * In the config file, set "LogLevel=trace".  That way you will get a
   full log of what happens.  Also, take note of the "LogFile"
   setting, so you know where to find the log.

In general, if the script encounters errors it will print out "WARN"
messages to the log.  These will often start with "Died in request
handling:", followed by the message describing the actual error.

Some error messages are caused by features in the card and/or the
original Eye-Fi software that this script does not support.  In these
cases we will reject the image and log an error, since we can't do
what the card believes we can, and we don't want to fool it.  This may
be the problem if you see the following errors:

Unsupported transfermode 'XXX' from card 'dads eyefi' (000000000000). at ./rifec.pl line 353.

 * If you see this, the card is probably configured to upload images
   to online services like Flickr or Facebook.  rifec.pl can not do
   this.  To fix this error, reconfigure your card to upload files
   (photos, RAW files, videos) to the local computer only; then
   rifec.pl should accept them.

I don't know how to handle tarballs with >1 files! (XXXX, YYYY) at ./rifec.pl line 536.

 * This probably means that the geotagging feature is enabled on the
   card.  We don't support this either, so it must be disabled in the
   card config.


Dependencies
============

On Fedora 14, yum installing the following packages should be
sufficient to run the script:

perl-MooseX-Declare
perl-Config-IniFiles
perl-libwww-perl
perl-MD5
perl-Archive-Tar
perl-IO-stringy
perl-XML-Simple
perl-File-Sync
perl-Proc-Daemon

Un Ubuntu, apt-get installing the following packages should do the
trick:

libmoose-perl
libmoosex-declare-perl
libconfig-inifiles-perl
libwww-perl
libdigest-md5-perl
libarchive-tar-perl
libio-stringy-perl
libxml-simple-perl
libfile-sync-perl
libproc-daemon-perl
